So I think I think you've worked with Duke or Dr. Duke. He remembered you. Okay. Dr. Michael Dutinsky. Yes, yes. That name's familiar. Yep. Yeah. So I had actually started working with with you guys first. Kind of as you know, filling holes as I was like walking away from being at the hospital full time. And then right site found me and ended up putting so much work in front of me that I couldn't keep up with what we were doing at at Wall Street. And so I stepped away, but I've joined again, kind of parted ways with them. And they're going in a little bit of a different direction that I can't follow. But the the I think the lesson I learned was I probably should have stayed with with some footprint in Piedmont because then getting back into it and doing all the applications again, it's like so much work provider, physician enrollment and yeah, what a pain. Yeah, I'm so sorry. It's okay. No, no, no lesson learned. It's it's like that everyone actually your team is is excellent. They are very on top of it. Very clearly communicating. I was speaking a lot with Christina Ray, right? Yeah. And I'm supposed to find some time next week, I think to meet up with her because I think no, maybe it's next week. No, it's it's nine to it's the week after that. So the Labor Day, the week of Labor Day, to kind of meet up with her and finish anything in person that I need to. But yeah, I think she is fantastic. Yeah, he's a wonderful human. Yeah, absolutely. But mostly, um, and the reason that will connected us is that I really enjoyed what I was doing at right site. I found a very interesting niche, my background, and what I think is not on my CV, or maybe not even in, I don't remember all of Will's intros, but my parents both own businesses. And my dad started a company in our guest bedroom when I was in high school, I was here in Marietta. And so like, obviously, now that's called startups and everything. And there's a whole culture around it. I mean, none of us knew that when he was doing it. But he's actually a pharmacist that went to medical school. So he's a physician as well, but never, never went to residencies, I didn't practice, and went straight into business was doing a lot of work with pharma companies, and then decided that he could do medical affairs better, as a separate entity and outsource it. And he was one of the first companies to do it. So it's pretty cool watching him go through all that and setting it up and scaling it. And I drew from that so much with right sites. I was like, Oh, oh, that's what this all is. And it was so cool. And so and being at right site when I was the only physician and then growing it, and I think we're up to 14 now. Like what a what a whirlwind and what a what an experience to step in so many different places, from sales to marketing to, you know, it was part of the due diligence for their series a raise and talking to investors and understanding all of that. It really gave me a unique perspective as a physician. So I've got this kind of hybrid, growing experience set that's like a physician, chief medical officer, but like a business leaning one that understands like strategy and, and, you know, the markets and then how to interact. And the other thing that I don't know how much you guys knew about it, but I was really heavy with the product because everything was homegrown within right site. And we had our own dev team. And I actually am an epic physician builder. So I've been to Verona, I've drank the Kool Aid. It's epic is a double edged sword. There's great things about epic and there's things that we all know are difficult about them. But I've actually coded an epic and made, you know, like pop up screens happen. And I was a big part of that for Grady, helping them with all of that. So it was really cool to work with the dev team at right site and, you know, AI, everyone's talking about it. I think today we're all down on AI. But last week, I was going to solve all the world's problems. But, you know, I understand AI to be great for automations and documentation, chart stuff, things like that, that you can alleviate the load from people, especially clinicians. So I helped them build an inline kind of homegrown note writer. And so we built it ourselves without, you know, hiring a third party to do it wasn't that difficult. And, which makes me really worried for all these companies that are selling that as they're, you know, that's the thing that they do. But then there was a bunch of other things that I was like, you know, starting to work with insurance denials and submitting resubmitting claims and having all the things reimbursed that were denied the first time because we were using AI to kind of help us guide the physicians. And so there's a lot of cool things that I'm doing with that. But I think that's the reason, you know, for the introduction is that I, I want to keep working in that kind of a space. And then, you know, seeing patients is great. I do love seeing patients. I feel like I am good at it. But I also have this like, draw to be more in that space. And I've learned that those kind of jobs are not really posted on LinkedIn. And it's more about talking to talking to people and seeing what's available. So that that's where all this networking comes into play. Yeah, you know, like the way that you describe your skill set and toolkit and capabilities, it's it's very similar to Duke, Dr. Duke, you know, physician, he our physician by trade, but then, like when he started working, like at the time, I was like, building the scheduling software for everybody and all on his own and building, you know, like working on all of our product for digital. First, it was front door, and then it was workflows and in the center, and then it's, you know, the experience platform and now into kind of the other, the other areas. And so he kind of came up as physician leader doing all the stuff on the side to make everybody more efficient and, and experience better. And then, yeah, he's now our COO and CMO because he loves business and operations. And yeah, like, it's a nice so I, as you're talking, I definitely think you should talk to Duke for sure. Yeah, that's a person to talk with. I'd love to. I asked him because I was like, you know, money and, and he's like, he's like, yeah, he's like, I think he's like looking to pick up some more shifts with us. But that's probably temporary until he finds his next big thing. And I was like, that's all right. That'd be great. Yeah. And I told Christina, too. And I'm like, if there's stuff, especially while I have time, because I'm picking up like some consulting things for other companies and everything that are, you know, using what my experience was to help them. I think Oxos is a local company, they have a nearly a handheld x ray. It's, it's portable, it fits in a Pelican briefcase. And there is a platform. So it's not completely handheld. But you know, I visited yesterday, I was like, Oh, wow. I was like, so you guys talked to EMS already, right? And they're like, Oh, no, we don't think EMS, whatever. And I'm like, hold on. Why are you kidding? Of course they would. Let's talk a little bit more ended up spending like an hour with their strategy guy who just like loved it. They just hadn't opened that door yet. So stuff like that's fun, right? Like I think I can provide a lot of value for people like that. I don't I don't see them hiring me as full time and everything and I would prefer something eventually that's full time. But in the meantime, you know, cobbling together this everything and just making sure my wife who's also an ER doc doesn't want to kill me for not having a full time job. I'm like balancing all those things and just and keeping everybody happy. But yeah, I think it's I know that there's there's opportunity out there. And a lot of this is just finding where it is and finding people that know people because that seems to be the way that this kind of goes. I mean, what's your like, if you could create the ideal role right now? What does that look like? I don't want to assume. All right. Well, for you. Yeah. I mean, like meeting like, like within like Wall Street or something like that. Or just anywhere. We really imagine go big. Um, my ideal role is leading a physician group that figures out how to deliver physician level care and quality. While respecting kind of like the boundaries of cost, and being able to figure out how to balance those two things. And I'm not I love a PPS, right? Like I know that that becomes a big thing, especially with the our docs about some people are completely against it. And I'm not that person. I trained a PPS at Grady and was very still maintain a lot of really good or else I wouldn't be doing this right with you guys. That's a big part of it. I do think that there are things that physicians are better at. And that's what right site kind of landed on was like that moment really needed the ER doc, like it just the ER doc is what made right site work so well is like within a couple seconds, like at least, you know, maybe five minutes at most, we're able to ferret out like this is safe to go to urgent care. This absolutely needs to go to the ER. And I don't I don't think it's fair to put MPs or PAs in that position. Like they just that's not what they do. And it's a ton of risk for them. And so I think there's things like that in my experience at right site where like I know where the value is for physicians. And then for my business experience, I understand very well what the limitations are. And I think that that has become kind of like a book that people have closed, that needs to be reopened. Like I think there are ways to do it. And like my ideal role is like solving those problems and giving people kind of the quality that right site was giving at the cost point that it needs to be at in order for there to be profitability and to keep business people happy. Love it. Yeah. Are you? Are you how tied are you to Atlanta? I like I say no, because I am willing to move. I mean, like I family's all here. I grew up here. But my wife and I both have talked extensively about moving. She's from Dallas. And I don't want to go to Texas necessarily. But I am okay with with moving and exploring options. So yeah, and I know that too, that like there's a lot of health tech that's happening at Nashville is a big place where I know there's a lot of innovation, especially in the payer world. And then I've got a couple of people that wills connected me to and then his connections have connected me to on the West Coast. And I think there's a ton of cool stuff going on out there as well. And if those people needed me there, and it was the right kind of job, I don't think I would hesitate to move. Yeah, so for the right opportunity, make sense. I asked just so I can, as I like hear or see or think of like connections or people to talk with or talk to. Yeah, what is at Wall Street? What does it look like right now with clinical leadership? I know you've got a lot of people in place. And Dr. Duke, you know, sounds like, like we're carbon copies. So I don't want to duplicate work. But like, what is what what does that look like right now? So our clinical leadership models, we've got Duke, that's COO and CMO, he's got a physician right hand, Dr. Brian Bob, who leads all of, you know, basically, quality, risk, and any kind of clinical innovations and workflows and progress, anything like physician heavy. So that Duke can be leveraged more for ops, and he can really lean in and leave. So he's, I mean, he's essentially an executive level leader, kind of our chief medical officer, but reports to Duke. And then, in each of our markets, we, most of our markets, we pair a clinical leader with an operations leader. So like a regional VP of operations paired with, we used to really look for regional medical directors, physicians, and have just shifted that. So Dr. Brian Bob was our regional medical doctor for all of Georgia. And then when he moved into this new role, so that Duke could have a dual role, we promoted Christina into essentially a VP level clinical leader. Because a lot of that is relationship and hiring and onboarding and leading, and then anything like physician specific, that's kind of outside of her scope, Brian will lean in on both in Georgia and similar, we have a similar setup in South Carolina. So that's our, and then you kind of drop down the next level where you have districts. And we also have a dyad there, we have a district manager, and then we call it an area clinical director of operations. And that's always, almost always a PA who is still working probably 50% of their time, and then that first level leader for the other others in their area, the other half. So that's like not all kind of cascades. And we have a couple of physicians that play leadership roles, not like in kind of ops specifically, but more in terms of whether serving on quality committees for or and or working closely like with Piedmont Clinic, or like being a lab director, like we launched this year, our position on labs and having position, kind of oversight and ownership of not like being the actual ops lab director, but owner. So there's other kind of non people or leadership that there's some specialty that's more around all system partnerships and or and our others. Sorry about that. Yeah. I'm on a Mac. So I didn't know. I didn't know. Yeah, I didn't either. It's great. I knew how to shut it off. No, I definitely can. If it's, if it's doing all of them, you get this one, I can do the Yeah, that's my favorite. That's awesome. Yeah, it's the Macs have that built in. I just didn't know it went across the teams as well. It's great. That makes sense, though, like the the physician leadership, you know, at a higher level. And it makes a lot of sense to staff it mostly with, you know, APPs doing the work with, you know, all the other other places within the company. You know, obviously, if you know other places that that could use someone like me, that's a preference. And in the meantime, if there are things that I can help with, at Wall Street, you know, I've already mentioned this to Christina, and it's, it's, again, like, I'm just getting started. So it's too early to really push on that. But if there are things like that, you can think of that, that you would want some help with, you know, I'd love to be able to do it if it's if it's within scope of something that you can have happen. But either way, I appreciate what you're doing. And yeah, I think I know you don't mean with Christina, I love it. I think you should talk. I mean, you're just similar people. And he also may have some knowledge or thoughts or feelers or awareness of he's here in Atlanta, right? opportunities. He's, um, so he he's a little south of the city. So he's used to be based out of Newnan, or his his, we've got a regional office in Newnan where his office is. But yeah, Atlanta Metro. Great. Yeah. I think when I connect with him, I'm gonna offer to meet with him. It's doing all the telehealth at Ridesight has made me really antsy to get out of the house more. Because it was a it was a virtual role for the leadership role, too. So it was like, we were just at home all the time. And I even had an office for a little while. My one of my brothers, I've got two brothers that are both here in Atlanta. One of them is a VP for industrious, you familiar, it's like a co working space, they have like six spots in Atlanta, think of it like a nice version of WeWork. And so I had like the friends and family discounts, I was able to get myself a little small office there to get out of the house. But yeah, I'm really kind of craving, you know, getting out and being around as I feel like I've lost that from previous jobs. So I completely understand. Is Ridesight are they are they it sounds like it's a path that's not right for you. Are they in a good spot and continuing to go? I know we do some work with them in some of our centers. Yeah, I think they're doing really well. I think the new administration and the changes that are happening are hitting them hard. And I think that that's that's really ultimately the impetus for the change that I was like, I understand, but you know, that can't be something that I do. And so I wish them the best of luck. I, you know, very invested in their success, and I want them to do well. It's just, I had to think about, you know, what I look like to the rest of my colleagues and everything with emergency medicine and making sure that that I'm able to keep doing other things within the scope of what I think is is good for the specialty. Awesome. Well, it's nice. How do you know Will? Will and I are best friends from high school. We were both new as freshmen at high in high school at Walker up in Marietta. And no one would sit with us because they all have a very small school, they all knew each other. And so we were two of the new kids. And we found each other outside on the first day at lunch. And like, yeah, no one will sit with you either. And so we just hung out. And then we're very close. We haven't, we're not quite as close as we used to be. But like we still have breakfast every couple months. And I even coached his son in soccer. And I live in the city. So we were doing them at rivers, the elementary school nearby. So yeah, so it's small world. I was like, when you brought your name, I was like, Oh, wait, I know who that is. He's a he's a nice, nice person. He is. And, and like, I've learned a lot, right? Because he knows my family, his his parents also owned small business when we were in high school. And so you're watching his track and being around for it. And then like, you know, I've always known that he loves the networking thing. And with talking to him about this, he's like, No, no, no, like, this is, you do this, you network for people, people network back for you. And it all builds. And when you do it in a positive way, like, there's no downside to it. And I was like, Oh, wow, really? Okay, I love it. And so it's cool, because some of the people that he's put me in touch with now, I'm already like, Oh, you need to meet this person, like, because, you know, and I think that there's one of the companies I talked to really needs to meet one of the VCs from right site. So I'm gonna make that connection. Because it's like, that's, he was so he was like, I didn't even know that that that was the thing that there were there were, this was hc nine. I don't know if you know them. They're a bunch of payer, like health plan executives that got together and created their own VC fund. So like they invest in startups coming from that angle. And of course, that's a great pick for right site, right, like to the rest of them. And so it's just a very unique thing. And, and, you know, the other company that I spoke to was like, Oh, wow, that would be great for us. And they're about to start a fundraising. I'm like, Oh, yeah, like, let's let's make that happen. So I see already what he was saying is like, Oh, yeah, this is such a good thing. So, well, I appreciate your time. And like I said, I definitely talked to Dr. Duke. I don't know that I have his contact info. So if you don't mind connecting, I'll connect to you. Yeah, yeah. And then yeah, if you hear of anyone that's looking for things, you know, I, I have it in my notes to make sure I carve out some clinical space for myself outside of whatever these next roles are. Because it was a, you know, a hard lesson learned to like, be like, Oh, wow, like I haven't been in person to see someone and apparently that still matters. So like the locums assignments, you know about those like, they won't they won't take me. And I'm like, Wait, are you serious? And they're like, Well, yeah, you haven't been bedside in over two years. I was like, right, but I've seen 8000 patients, and I'm actually practicing emergency medicine, just not in the hospital. I don't think that the reason I don't think the reason why you made that rule is, is really at play here. And they're like, well, you know, these companies, they won't take you unless you have that. I'm not arguing with them. And I'm thinking like, what about like women that have kids and want to take off for work? Are that they can't do locums either? And they said, like, Yeah, no, we don't. Like, Oh, wow. I was like, that's horrible. And okay. So like, you know, again, like lesson learned, I guess, you know, we're not quite all on the same page in medicine and understanding like what telehealth is and like, what the people could do this and still be pretty sharp clinically. I'm not I'm not in any place to change their mind about it. So no, that's just that's an arbitrary rule. Like I put on a paper. Yep. To your point wasn't the intent of the rule. And now it has implications, which eventually you can go back and change. Eventually, it'll affect enough people and enough people say something that that'll gather support. Yeah, but I don't I'm not gonna spend my time banging pots and pans about that when they're lost. Yeah. Thank you. So yeah, again, appreciate the come hang out with us. Yeah, sounds good to me. I'm excited. I'm already there. So great. And yeah, I'll let Christina know that we chatted to and then see pick her brain about things that I can help her with as well. Awesome. Love it. Nice to be connected. Absolutely. It was good speaking with you. Thank you so much. Likewise, by many. All right, take care.
