Okay, my name is Mary Stewart-Iverson. I'm a proud 7th grade mom, and I'm here representing the Parent Partner Committee, along with Karen, raise your hand. Hey Patrice, Barry Jackson, back there, we're your Parent Partner Committee, and we're here for two reasons. One, to help create community within our school, but especially with the parents, and then also connection with volunteering. So if anybody wants to know how to get plugged in, what they can do to get involved, get your chance to come on campus, get a sneak peek of what's going on, come let us know. We would love to have you participate, and you'll hear a lot tonight about how you can do that. So with that, I'm going to introduce our two amazing PTA presidents, Latanya and Megan. And you guys, these are seasoned sub-parents. We are in great hands. Having a great school is all about the leadership, and we have top-notch leadership, from Dr. Meric Weather, our admin team, all the way to our parent support. So thank y'all for being here. Thank you Meric for your work. I am Latanya Worden, the co-president of PTA for the 2025-26 school year. Thank you. I have a 7th grader and a 4th grader at Bolton. And next to me I have Megan Watkins. Hi, I'm Megan Watkins. I have a 6th grader, Bo, and we came from E. Rivers. And then I have a 10th grader in North Atlanta, Riley, and I have a freshman daughter at the Naval Academy. And I will just introduce the rest of the board. You can come up when I call your name. Sorry, I don't have my glasses. I'm going to do my best. The secretary, Ann Linden. Treasurer, Brooke Brown. I don't think she's with us today. The financial secretary, Elizabeth Silverski. I saw her somewhere. Parliamentarian, Annette Sullivan, who is not with us today. VP of communications, Marissa Rosenblum. And then we are chairing the role of VP of sports, Jeff Coleman and Michelle Pompego. VP of student affairs, Doris Braithwaite. VP of events, sharing this role, Portia Tatum and Lakeitha Carlos. And the VP of fundraising, Julie Price. This is the board. If you see us around, need anything, tap us on the shoulder, yell for us. We'll try to help you as best we can. Now, if you'll turn your attention to the screen behind me to watch a special video created by Dr. Merriweather and his team. Enjoy. Ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention please. And the best you can do. Hi, I'm Dr. Merriweather, proud principal of Willis Anderson Secondary School. First and foremost, thank you to everyone here today for showing up and supporting Sutton. As you guys know, I do share that Sutton is our new project and it takes all of us doing what we need to do to continue to be the number one school in Atlanta public schools. Now, your support means a great deal to us. And so I can sit here and I can tell you all things about Sutton and why your support is needed. But instead, I want you to hear from a few students and a few staff on why we need you more than ever and why this is such an exciting time to be a Sutton Cougar. Let's hear from you. Because of you, our shows sound amazing and look even better. Thank you, PTA, for all your contributions to the theater in general. The soundboard is lovely and we have fantastic new curtains and we could not have done it without your support. Thank you for all you do. Because of your generosity, I was able to attend the women's retreat and enrich myself in the learning. Hello, my name is Mr. Bailey. On behalf of Sutton Great Science, I want to say thank you so much, PTA, for our teacher appreciation every year. We really appreciate how much support to us and the awareness and support you've given us. From the bottom of our hearts, thank you. Now our loves feel like they really do. Experience our awesome. Thank you, PTA, for beautifying our campus here in Sutton. Thank you, Sutton PTAs, Mr. Lawson, and on behalf of Sutton Great INS and our student council, we want to thank you so much for the lovely sightings that we look forward to every summer. Thank you so much for helping our students. We appreciate it. My name is Matthew Brockett and I am the Sutton PTA club sponsor here at the school. PTA, we want to thank you for all your generous donations. We really, really appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. From the chest voice to the bass drum, you may be passed. I am fabulous and you had your move on your own. Thank you, PTA. Thank you, PTA. Thank you, PTA. Thank you, PTA. Thank you, PTA. Thank you, PTA. Thank you, PTA. We love you guys. Because of you, Sun is the best school in Atlanta, in Georgia, in the world. That's a nice boy. Oh, good, good night. That's a nice boy. Oh, good night. That's a nice boy. Oh, good night. That's a nice boy. Oh, good, good night. And now, introducing your proud principal, Dr. Gary Bush. Yay! Yay, Gary Bush! Yay, Gary Bush! Yay, Gary Bush! Yay, Gary Bush! Yay, Gary Bush! Yay, Gary Bush! Yay, Gary Bush! Wow. Can we just make some noise for this school year? How excited we've started this school year. Let's make some noise. So, here's the thing. I have a few things I need to share. But, as we talk about SUTTON and share some updates, I need everyone to lock in for at least two minutes. I promise I'm not going to give you a boring speech. But, like I do to students, I'll do it with you. If you can hear my voice, say, shh. If you see someone talking, just look at them. And if you can hear my voice, say, shh. I appreciate that. So, again, I'm Dr. Gary Weather, proud principal. First and foremost, I want to thank you guys for coming out this evening. You know, SUTTON is a special place. I've been at SUTTON for nine years. I was there five years as the assistant principal and then four years now, one to the fourth year as the principal. Now, we don't compete with traditional Atlanta public schools. No other school can do things like we do. No other schools have students like ours. And no other school have parents like you. So, for that, give yourselves a round of applause. When it comes to academics, we continue to be the number one. When it comes to sports, our students continue to outperform the other APS schools and also private schools. And so, when it comes to getting ready for North Atlanta High School, our students go there. They go off to some of the top colleges and universities in the world. And for that, we are super, super thrilled. And so, I will say, as the principal, I'm super excited to do this work. I'm committed. I'm dedicated. But I have a team who is responsible for every single day making sure our kids get what they need, making sure they're responsive to you when things come up. So, I would like to take an opportunity to shine some light on them and to give them their flowers. And so, starting up first, representing our 6th grade campus, we have Mr. Timothy Robinson. If we could give him a round of applause. Representing our 7th grade campus, Mr. Louis Metcalf, 7th grade assistant principal. We have our curriculum and instruction assistant principal here, Ms. Felicia Henderson. And last but not least, we have our assistant principal over student services, Mr. Israel Bairds. Now, again, if you guys need something, these are the people to see. They really boss me around and tell me what to do. And so, these are the individuals. But seriously, you guys, this is a magical year for us. It has been an incredible first two weeks of school. When I get asked, hey, how are things going at Sutton? How's the cell phone policy? I'm like, oh, cell phones, we don't see a cell phone at all because our kids are locked in, they're focused, and they're engaged. And so, I think that's what's what I want. Thank you. And so, with that, I'll leave you with this. When I send communications out to you guys, I'll let you guys know, this is our group project. And we remember when we were back in school, some of us might have to think a little longer than others, and that's okay. However, don't age you, Trapper Keeper, if you were on Zoology, okay, they'll tell you about that joke later. We had a peer university and they were making fun of me. But seriously, Sutton is our group project. It takes all of us doing our part. It takes all of us communicating, giving grace to one another, knowing that every single person in this room is team Sutton. At the end of the day, we are a family, and in order to continue to be the number one school, we all have to do our part. So, again, from the bottom of our hearts, we thank you, looking forward to an incredible school year. Cheers to an exciting school year. Thank you. And now I'm going to turn it over to Paige. Hi, guys. Like you just heard from Dr. Merriweather, we believe that Sutton Middle School is the best school, but we know that it takes a village, and you guys are the village. And so we are super excited to get the parents involved. Let me just go ahead and tell you right now, we have 220 parents signed up to volunteer this year. How amazing is that? We know when we have parent involvement, excellent follows. And that's what we want. We want parent involvement. We want parents that are passionate about making Sutton Middle School excellent. And so you guys showing up tonight allows us to see that you are involved and are excited. And so we're super excited about that. Here's a few quick things for you to get involved. The first thing is, here's how you get involved. Your time, okay? Any little bit of time or a large amount of time, all of it is going to contribute to our school. We understand that some of you are very busy and you might have to do a little. Some of you have more time and we're grateful for that. Here's one of the things we need. Our biggest money maker for our school, for Sutton Middle School, is the Chastain Parking. Okay, so we make really between $6,000 to $12,000, well probably more like $10,000 a night parking cars. Do you hear this? And if we don't have volunteers, then guess what? We don't get that money. Okay? So it's extremely important that we all contribute and park, okay? So tonight what we're going to do, Monday Night Brewery is so amazing the Iverson family, there's a great family here that goes to Sutton Middle School, are going to donate, are going to donate a six pack, a Monday Night Brewery beer for every person that signs up tonight to volunteer, alright? Now, you've got to show that you signed up and we want you to commit. We want your yes to be your yes, okay? But that is going to be a huge thing this year is to volunteer at Chastain Park. We need your help. The next thing is financially. We want to make Sutton the most beautiful campus in Atlanta. We want to continue to contribute to our teachers' training and to show them that we love them and appreciate them. We want to continue to give all the bells and whistles to our kids as possible. And so when you give financially, it goes straight to all of those things and it's extremely important, okay? So we are so grateful and we would love for you to give as little or as much as you can. Much would be better. But any bit helps. And again, your contribution is huge for us. The next thing that I want to say is we just really want to build community. We think that community makes the school very special. And so that's why we have this tonight is because we want you guys to get to know the parents that you, that your kids are going to be doing life with for the next seven years. And so we just hope that you have that mentality of I want to plug in, I want to get to know these parents, and I want to serve my school because these teachers and this administration is amazing and they deserve our help. And so we're grateful for that. So we're super excited. And then the last thing is this, well, it's not the last thing. We have yard signs and we have car leachouts. We want every single one of y'all to grab that. We want all the buckets know how awesome Sutton is. We want to market it all around town. So please make sure you grab one of those. And if you have a friend that's not here tonight, grab one for them and give it to them. Last thing is this. We also want to thank the Iversons, Joel and Mary Stewart Iversons for tonight. They are the ones that graciously opened up this building for us. They give so much to Sutton Middle School. They have five boys that are all going through Sutton Middle School. And I just want to give a little plug. They have a grand opening for right down the hill on August the 23rd. August the 24th, that's not this weekend, but the next weekend, they're having a grand opening for the Grove, which is a new, really cool, you'll see it if you look down the hill, a really cool area where they're going to be selling their coffee and pizzas. They're going to have family night. Bring your kids, bring your dogs. It's going to be amazing. So come out and support them in a couple weeks. They're a huge part of our Sutton family. And all that to say, we're so glad y'all are here. Thank you so much for all you do. Good luck you guys. Night. Oh yeah, there's flyers that has all the QR codes to sign up for volunteering, to sign up for, to donate money, and a bunch of other things. So make sure you grab these flyers and sign up. Thank you.
